All right. So now we're actually able to launch this
executable and see what the simulated environment looks like,
let's talk a little bit more about how it's creating the scene.
For doing this, there's something called the PCL viewer.
So this is the point Cloud library viewer.
This is what's handling graphics and rendering.
So it's rendering the different boxes for the cars, for the road,
it's creating those lines and we're also using those functions in
environment.cpp for initializing the camera and initializing this highway environment.
So let's go ahead and look at what this looks like in environment.cpp.
Inside main here, we actually have this viewer that we are creating over here.
So this viewer is a PCL visualization,
PCL Visualizer and basically,
it's going to run at certain frame rate and we can add things to this viewer.
So if we look at emit camera in simple highway,
we're actually passing in the viewer to these functions.
Let's see how they're being passed in.
So for example, in a camera,
we see that this PCL visualization viewer is actually being passed in as a reference.
So what that means is any changes done to it will persist outside this function.
So here we set things like the background color,
we can initialize the camera parameters,
and we can actually tell the viewer set this camera position
so that initial position will be set when we launch that window.
So similarly, the init highway function is also using that viewer,
and it's being passed in as reference again right here.
What that is doing basically is we're going through and recreating these different cars,
and we're specifying where they're located in the simulation environment.
We're creating a vector of those cars and for that viewer,
we basically call so car render in that viewer is being passed in again as a reference,
and that tells the viewer, hey,
I'm going to render this car to the scene.
I'm going to render this highway to the viewer.
So that is a little bit how that PCL viewer is working.
It's handling all the graphics for us.